hi people, how are i downloading and good
I make this video to inform you
that I'm going to do a secondary channel or
a new channel and that will be dedicated
to this channel it will be dedicated to
different things to dub it want
leave this main channel or I'm going to
continue uploading videos to this channel
normally as I always do I will
keep going up doubles and such but I
I'm going to make another channel worth to upload
little things like blogs videos sketches
some thing of stay of events go
something totally different from what
almodóvar what has been the
dubbing and there will be a video by
example talking about me I do not know teaching
things that I usually do day to day or
talking about some topic or doing
collaborations with someone doing
recommendations I do not know
everything still totally something
different to the dubbing and good that more
tell you that in this in the video
main how do I say again because
then there will be people who ask and such
and that in the main channel
I will keep uploading the visits is more
this next base dubbing
the new adventures in chapter 22
yes you asked me a lot of people and
if it's going to be her next I'm going to
upload and I will continue uploading videos
Normally I will keep going up
dubbing luiz of that but I'll have the
another channel to upload little things and more more
different so as not to dirty the channel
dubbing and leave it alone for dubbing and
good things to say to you as you will see the
header of both the new channel and the
another channel has made me a boy worth
which can only be enjoyed in the
description
I leave you in case you want to ask
let's try a background or something and in
him and here right here, here you have the
first video of the channel is worth the first
video of the new channel and here you have it
if he wanted to enter and such and also by
if you want to subscribe and others
and nothing also tell you that new in the
new channel and such in front of each video
Well surely there will be a header and
such and that header makes it has made me
one away it seems that he also left
overcome in the description and such that makes
animations and also with chairs tables and
good nothing more to say to you that you pass
for the new channel you see the video and that
I hope you like it and nothing we see in
the next dub